In MS Teams notifications, make the mentioned metrics have links … (#7863)
ICTU/quality-time: docs/src/changelog.md

<!-- The line "## <square-bracket>Unreleased</square-bracket>" is replaced by the release/release.py script with the new release version and release date. -->

## [Unreleased]

### Deployment notes

If your currently installed *Quality-time* version is v4.10.0 or older, please read the v5.0.0 deployment notes first.

### Added

> - In MS Teams notifications, make the mentioned metrics have links to the respective metrics in the quality report. Closes [#7615](https://github.com/ICTU/quality-time/issues/7615).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In MS Teams notifications, have the mentioned metrics link to the respective metrics in the quality report. Closes [#7615](https://github.com/ICTU/quality-time/issues/7615).
```
